read-me updated (#16)
LBHackney-IT/cautionary-alerts-api: README.md

# LBH Cautionary Alerts API

> Cautionary alerts API returns information about Cautionery Alerts held

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cautionary alerts API returns information about Cautionary Alerts held
```

Reviewer: This isn't very clear. `Cautionary Alerts held` but where?
Could we use the swagger description for this API?

> There are two GET endpoints one for retrieving all data and one for a specified ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two GET endpoints. One returns a list of records and the another returns a specific record for a given ID
```
